Update PPP - Wei Xin (#318)
AY2122S2-CS2103-W17-1/tp: docs/team/wei-xinn.md

### Project: ContaX

ContaX is an integrated solution designed for busy professionals who work with many clients and frequently interact with other people. It assists those who have packed schedules in efficiently scheduling appointments, while also being able to respond to volatile changing schedules. 
 
ContaX allows efficient management of a large list of contacts together with a schedule, providing an integrated solution for tracking work-related information. Built with efficiency in mind, ContaX promises a seamless transition from existing solutions for minimal downtime.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Onboarding Guide for new users
  * What it does: Provides a step-by-step guide for new users to learn the basic functions of ContaX
  * Justification: ContaX's extensive feature set may set a learning curve for new users. The Onboarding guide serves as starting point for new users by introducing the basic functions in a manner that is simple to understand.

* **New Feature**: Added the ability to find appointments by name
  * What it does: Allows users to find quickly find appointments using either the appointment name or person name

>   * Justification: This feature expands the ways in which a user can locate a specific appointment, allowing for more efficient management.

Reviewer: Consider the following phrasing.
```suggestion
  * Justification: This feature expands on the ways in which a user can locate specific appointments, allowing for more efficient access and subsequent management of Appointments.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. Updated

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Revamped Help Window to display meaningful information on all commands in ContaX

* **Code contributed**:
  * 3000+ LoC contributed to the project
  * Worked on the Onboarding Guide and Help Window component
    * Includes components in `UI` and `Model`

* **Project management**:
  * Code reviews
  
* **Documentation**:
  * User Guide:

>     * Added documentation for Onbarding Guide, Help Window and Find Appointment command

Author: Fixed

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Onboarding Guide for new users
  * What it does: Provides a step-by-step guide for new users to learn the basic functions of ContaX
  * Justification: ContaX's extensive feature set may set a learning curve for new users. The Onboarding guide serves as starting point for new users by introducing the basic functions in a manner that is simple to understand.

* **New Feature**: Added the ability to find appointments by name
  * What it does: Allows users to find quickly find appointments using either the appointment name or person name
  * Justification: This feature expands on the ways in which a user can locate specific appointments, allowing for more efficient access and subsequent management of Appointments.

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Revamped Help Window to display meaningful information on all commands in ContaX

* **Code contributed**:

>   * 3000+ LoC contributed to the project

Reviewer: Add a link to reposense, it is a requirement.

Author: Added thanks
